Remove previously deprecated SAPI string id (replaced by identity dictionary); add history of working-graph changes (#437)
dwavesystems/dwave-ocean-sdk: docs/quantum_research/solver_properties_specific.rst

    :name: annealing-schedule-adv2-research-1.1

    Standard annealing schedule for the QPU, showing energy changes
    as a function of scaled time.

.. _qpu_graph_changes:

Working-Graph Changes
=====================

The :ref:`qpu_graph_changes_table` table identifies changes to the
:ref:`working graphs <topologies_working_graph>` for the generally available QPU
solvers. A QPU solver's current ``graph_id`` is displayed on the

> Leap dashboard for the solver's properties and a problem's parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leap dashboard (a solver's Properties and problem's Parameters modals)
and available through the Ocean SDK.
```

"Leap dashboard **for** the solver's properties and a problem's parameters": The preposition isn't correct here and ``graph_id`` is also available in Ocean SDK.

> Leap dashboard for the solver's properties and a problem's parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leap dashboard (a solver's Properties and problem's Parameters modals)
and available through the Ocean SDK.
```

"Leap dashboard **for** the solver's properties and a problem's parameters": The preposition isn't correct here and ``graph_id`` is also available in Ocean SDK.

> .. note:: Deployment dates are links to the related release note, if available.

Reviewer 2: I can't see any link by the dates on this [page](https://output.circle-artifacts.com/output/job/d7fc722f-1b72-43d5-a476-2be8bdd82bbb/artifacts/0/docs/_build/html/quantum_research/solver_properties_specific.html#working-graph-changes), is that expected?

Author: @charleswhchan -- Yes, unfortunately, because the release notes are in a different repo, the links won't resolve until the docs are published.

Reviewer: These links are not resolving because the target source is in another repo. To get them to resolve add the 2nd line of code to [conf.py's intersphinx mapping](https://github.com/dwavesystems/dwave-ocean-sdk/blob/43cffc3a2b6cf8a3b93b0f76f22b552eb504954f/docs/conf.py#L273):

```
 'requests': ('https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/stable/', None),
 'ocean_rns': ('https://docs.dwavequantum.com/projects/leap_sapi/en/latest/', None),
    }
```

> .. note:: Deployment dates are links to the related release note, if available.

Reviewer: Could we switch from a note to a footnote on the Deployment Date header in the table? Less obtrusive.

> .. note:: Deployment dates are links to the related release note, if available.

Reviewer: Should we switch from a note to a footnote on the Deployment Date header in the table? Less obtrusive.

solvers. A QPU solver's current ``graph_id`` is displayed on the
Leap dashboard (a solver's Properties and problem's Parameters modals)
and available through the Ocean SDK.

.. list-table:: Working-Graph Changes
    :name: qpu_graph_changes_table
    :header-rows: 1

    *   -   Solver Name
        -   Deployment Date\ [#]_
        -   Removed Qubits

    *   -   **Advantage2_system1**
        -
        -

    *   -   Advantage2_system1.13
        -   :ref:`2026-03-18 <adv2_1.13>`
        -   249
    
    *   -   Advantage2_system1.12
        -   :ref:`2026-03-04 <adv2_1.12>`
        -   1871, 1895

    *   -   Advantage2_system1.11
        -   :ref:`2026-01-28 <adv2_1.11>`
        -   380, 381, 441, 577, 4202, 4226, 4237
        
    *   -   Advantage2_system1.10
        -   :ref:`2025-12-15 <adv2_1.10>`
        -   2782
        
    *   -   Advantage2_system1.9
        -   :ref:`2025-12-09 <adv2_1.9>`
        -   2049
        
    *   -   Advantage2_system1.8
        -   :ref:`2025-11-19 <adv2_1.8>`
        -   484
        
    *   -   Advantage2_system1.7
        -   :ref:`2025-11-04 <adv2_1.7>`
        -   510
        
    *   -   Advantage2_system1.6

>         -   :ref:`2025-09-02 <ref:adv2_1.6>`

Reviewer: This xref is wrong
